This project is a solution to Week 4 given, I will try to explain this in a very simple, easy and detailed way.
The exercise is to build Build a simple and attractive webpage for an online restaurant using only HTML and CSS, create a user-friendly interface with navigation featuring the company's logo, and basic pages ("Home", "About", "Menu", and "Contact Us"), and engaging content sections.
So, the very first thing is to have a landing page for the website. To have that I created an index.html file and I also had a folder named "Assets" where I intend to have all images and icons I would be using in my project. I started with having my header section in my index.html file, I nested a nav section inside the header, this navbar contains two elements, the first element is an hypertext link that has an img element nested in it. The img is for the company's logo, and I made the destination of the link the website's landing page, so clicking on the logo loads the landing page. The second element is the ul, and this contains list of links to other pages of the website.
Then, I moved to having my Main section, I had my first div with class name "heading", I nested h1, span elements, nested another div with class name "sub-heading" and have hr and h2 elements in it. I also have a new div with class name "hero", I nested three div elements in this div with class names "hero-left", "hero-center", and "hero-right" respectively. In each of this elements, I have a div with class name "hero-heading" where I placed img and h3 tags, and p and button elements as sibling elements to the div.
Then, I had a new div inside my div with class name "content", I had two new div elements in this div with class names "content-left" and "content-right" respectively. For the "content-left" div I placed h3, h4, a div with id name "line", p and button nested in a tag. While for "content-right" div, I placed four div tags, each with class name "cuisine", these div tags are each to contain an a tag with img and p tags nested in it. This is to display different cuisines available for the users.
Done with Main, moved to having the footer section, created a div element with  class name "footer-flex". Inside of this div, I nested three div elements with class names "contact", "recent" and "award" resectively. The "contact" div contains contact information, I nested h3 and some a tags in it. The recent div contains a heading and a list of links to recent posts. And lastly, the "award" div contains a h3 tag, images of awards won, and some text. Outside of the "footer-flex" div, I had a p tag with id name "last-para", this tag contains copyright information.
With that I am done with the structure of my project, what to do next is to embed CSS into my project, I used external CSS for this, linking my HTML file to an external CSS file. I started with removing all margin and padding from all elements and setting border-box box-sizing. I then selected my body tag, applied a background image and linear-gradient colors, and hid overflow-x.
I moved on to styling the header section, increased bottom margin of this section. I called the nav section, styled it by making its position absolute, used the bottom and left property to place it at a suitable position, reduced its width to 90% of the screen, and then increased padding. Then I moved on to the company's logo, styled it accordingly, the ul element was the next to be styled, I flexed the display (this is done to display my list items side-by-side), then floated it right(this places the element at the extreme right side of space alotted to its parent element). I styled the list items and the links inside, changed color, removed text-decoration and list-style, etc. I also styled when the the links are on hover state. I selected the home link and styled it, to make it noticeable that the user is currently viewing the homepage.
I styled the ".heading" div next, and all the elements nested in it. I moved to the ".hero" div, flexed its display, changed its position to absolute, I also styled the several elements nested inside. I also did styling for the content div and the footer section. 

Instructions were to also have a contact page with a form, to  achieve this, I had a new html file that I named contact.html, the href destination to this page is in the contact link on the navbar. I replicated header section that I have on the home page in the contact page with the exception of giving the contact element an id, so I can style it differently.
I next the main section, in this section I nested a div with class name "form", this div is to contain the form. I nested the form inside the div. Inside the form, I created multiple div elements for name, e-mail, tel number, home address, office address and others with class name "field", and also a div with class name "btn" to contain the submit button.
I also replicated footer section that I have on the home page in the contact page. What to do next is to embed my external CSS file (contact.css) in my project, after that I replicated the styling for universal selector and header section. The only difference is I made my body's background-color white, and I also styled mthe contact page's link differently by selecting it by its id name. 
I moved to selecting the ".form" div made its borders dashed with two different colors, made its edges rounder, changed default margin, padding and width to place the div at the center of the page without filling the whole page. I styled the heading in my form, selected all label elements amd also styled them. Then I moved to selecting some of my input fields by their id name, and setting their text-transform property to be capitalize(i.e the first letter of every word the user input will be in capital letters). I also selected all input elements and gave them styling, 
I selected other remaining elements using various methods and styled them accordingly. I also replicated the styling for footer section that I have on the home page in the contact page.